GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY
When you use our services, you’re trusting us
with your information. We understand this is a big
responsibility and work hard to protect your
information and put you in control.
This Priv acy P olicy is meant t o help y ou understand what information we collect, why we
collect it, and how y ou can update, manage, expor t, and delete y our information.
Privacy Checkup
Looking t o change y our priv acy settings?
Take the Priv acy Checkup
Effectiv e July 1, 2025 | Archived versions
We build a r ange of ser vices that help millions of people daily t o explor e and inter act with
the world in new wa ys. Our ser vices include:
Google apps, sites, and de vices, lik e Sear ch, Y ouTube, and Google Home
Platforms lik e the Chr ome br owser and Andr oid oper ating system
Products that ar e integr ated int o thir d-par ty apps and sites, lik e ads, analytics, and
embedded Google Maps
You can use our ser vices in a v ariety of wa ys to manage y our priv acy. For example, y ou
can sign up for a Google Account if y ou want t o create and manage content lik e emails

and phot os, or see mor e relevant sear ch results. And y ou can use many Google ser vices
when y ou’re signed out or without cr eating an account at all, lik e sear ching on Google or
watching Y ouTube videos. Y ou can also choose t o browse the web in a priv ate mode, lik e
Chrome Incognit o mode, which helps k eep y our br owsing priv ate fr om other people who
use y our de vice. And acr oss our ser vices, y ou can adjust y our priv acy settings t o contr ol
whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we ’ve added examples, explanat ory videos,
and definitions for key terms . And if y ou ha ve any questions about this Priv acy P olicy ,
you can contact us .
INFORMATION GOOGLE COLLECTS
We want you to understand the types of
information we collect as you use our services
We collect information t o provide better ser vices t o all our users — fr om figuring out
basic stuff lik e which language y ou speak, t o mor e complex things lik e which ads y ou’ll
find most useful , the people who matter most t o you online , or which Y ouTube videos y ou
might lik e. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends
on how y ou use our ser vices and how y ou manage y our priv acy contr ols.
When y ou’re not signed in t o a Google Account, we st ore the information we collect with
unique identifiers  tied t o the br owser , application, or device you’re using. This allows us
to do things lik e maintain y our pr eferences acr oss br owsing sessions, such as y our
preferred language or whether t o show y ou mor e relevant sear ch results or ads based on
your activity .
When y ou’re signed in, we also collect information that we st ore with y our Google
Account, which we tr eat as personal information .
Things you create or provide to us

When y ou cr eate a Google Account, y ou pr ovide us with personal information  that
includes y our name and a passwor d. You can also choose t o add a phone number  or
payment information  to your account. E ven if y ou ar en’t signed in t o a Google Account,
you might choose t o provide us with information — lik e an email addr ess t o
communicate with Google or r eceiv e updates about our ser vices.
We also collect the content y ou cr eate, upload, or r eceiv e from others when using our
services. This includes things lik e email y ou write and r eceiv e, phot os and videos y ou
save, docs and spr eadsheets y ou cr eate, and comments y ou mak e on Y ouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, br owsers, and devices  you use t o access Google
services, which helps us pr ovide f eatur es lik e aut omatic pr oduct updates and dimming
your scr een if y our batter y runs low .
The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, de vice
type and settings, oper ating system, mobile network information including carrier name
and phone number , and application v ersion number . We also collect information about
the inter action of y our apps, br owsers, and de vices with our ser vices, including IP
addr ess, crash r epor ts, system activity , and the date, time, and referrer URL  of y our
request.
We collect this information when a Google ser vice on y our de vice contacts our ser vers —
for example, when y ou install an app fr om the Pla y Store or when a ser vice checks for
automatic updates. If y ou’re using an Andr oid de vice with Google apps , your de vice
periodically contacts Google ser vers t o provide information about y our de vice and
connection t o our ser vices. This information includes things lik e your device type and
carrier name , crash r epor ts, which apps y ou've installed, and, depending on y our de vice
settings, other information about how y ou’re using y our Andr oid de vice.
Your activity
We collect information about y our activity in our ser vices, which we use t o do things lik e
recommend a Y ouTube video y ou might lik e. The activity information we collect ma y

include:
Terms y ou sear ch for
Videos y ou watch
Views and inter actions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom y ou communicate or shar e content
Activity on thir d-par ty sites and apps that use our ser vices
Chrome br owsing hist ory you’ve synced with y our Google Account
If you use our services t o mak e and r eceiv e calls or send and r eceiv e messages , we ma y
collect call and message log information lik e your phone number , calling-par ty number ,
receiving-par ty number , forwarding numbers, sender and r ecipient email addr ess, time
and date of calls and messages, dur ation of calls, r outing information, and types and
volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit y our Google Account t o find and manage activity information that’ s saved in
your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when y ou use our ser vices, which helps us off er featur es
like driving dir ections, sear ch results for things near y ou, and ads based on y our location.
Depending on the pr oducts y ou’re using and settings y ou choose, Google ma y use
different types of location information t o help mak e some ser vices and pr oducts y ou use
more helpful. These include:
GPS and other sensor data fr om y our de vice

IP addr ess
Activity on Google ser vices , such as fr om y our sear ches or places y ou label lik e
home or work
Information about things near y our de vice, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell t owers,
and Bluet ooth-enabled de vices
The types of location data we collect and how long we st ore it depend in par t on y our
device and account settings. F or example, y ou can turn y our Andr oid de vice’s location on
or off  using the de vice’s settings app. Y ou can also turn on Timeline  if you want t o create
a priv ate map of wher e you go with y our signed-in de vices. And if y our W eb & App
Activity setting is enabled, y our sear ches and other activity fr om Google ser vices, which
may also include location information, is sa ved to your Google Account. Learn mor e
about how we use location information .
In some cir cumstances, Google also collects information about y ou fr om publicly
accessible sour ces. For example, if y our name appears in y our local newspaper , Google ’s
Sear ch engine ma y index that ar ticle and displa y it to other people if the y sear ch for y our
name. W e ma y also collect information about y ou fr om trusted par tners, such as
directory ser vices who pr ovide us with business information t o be displa yed on Google ’s
services, mark eting par tners who pr ovide us with information about potential cust omers
of our business ser vices, and security par tners who pr ovide us with information t o
protect against abuse . We also r eceiv e information fr om par tners t o provide advertising
and r esear ch ser vices on their behalf .
We use v arious technologies t o collect and st ore information, including cookies , pixel
tags , local st orage, such as browser web st orage or application data caches , databases,
and server logs .
WHY GOOGLE COLLECTS DATA
We use data to build better services

We use the information we collect fr om all our ser vices for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use y our information t o deliv er our ser vices , like processing the terms y ou sear ch for
in or der t o return r esults or helping y ou shar e content b y suggesting r ecipients fr om y our
contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use y our information t o ensur e our ser vices ar e working as intended , such as
tracking outages or tr oubleshooting issues that y ou repor t to us. And we use y our
information t o mak e impr ovements  to our ser vices — for example, understanding which
sear ch terms ar e most fr equently misspelled helps us impr ove spell-check f eatur es used
across our ser vices.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing ser vices t o help us de velop new ones. F or
example, understanding how people or ganiz ed their phot os in Picasa, Google ’s first
phot os app, helped us design and launch Google Phot os.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect t o cust omiz e our ser vices for y ou, including pr oviding
recommendations, personaliz ed content, and cust omiz ed sear ch results . For example,
Security Checkup  provides security tips adapted t o how y ou use Google pr oducts. And,
depending on y our a vailable settings, Google Pla y could use information lik e apps y ou’ve
already installed and videos y ou’ve watched on Y ouTube t o suggest new apps y ou might
like.
Depending on y our settings, we ma y also show y ou personaliz ed ads  based on y our
inter ests and activity acr oss Google ser vices. F or example, if y ou sear ch for “ mountain

bikes,” you ma y see ads for spor ts equipment on Y ouTube. Y ou can contr ol what
information we use t o show y ou ads b y visiting y our ad settings in My Ad Center .
We don ’t show y ou personaliz ed ads based on sensitiv e categories , such as r ace,
religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don ’t show y ou personaliz ed ads based on y our content fr om Driv e, Gmail, or
Phot os.
We don ’t shar e information that personally identifies y ou with adv ertisers, such as
your name or email, unless y ou ask us t o. For example, if y ou see an ad for a nearb y
flower shop and select the “tap t o call” butt on, we ’ll connect y our call and ma y shar e
your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measur ement t o understand how our ser vices ar e used.
For example, we analyz e data about y our visits t o our sites t o do things lik e optimiz e
product design. And we also use data about the ads y ou inter act with, including y our
related Google Sear ch activity , to help adv ertisers understand the performance of their
ad campaigns . We use a v ariety of t ools t o do this, including Google Analytics. When y ou
visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics cust omer ma y
choose t o enable Google t o link information  about y our activity fr om that site or app with
activity fr om other sites or apps that use our ad ser vices.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, lik e your email addr ess, t o inter act with y ou dir ectly . For
example, we ma y send y ou a notification if we detect suspicious activity , like an attempt
to sign in t o your Google Account fr om an unusual location. Or we ma y let y ou know
about upcoming changes or impr ovements t o our ser vices. And if y ou contact Google,
we’ll keep a r ecor d of y our r equest in or der t o help solv e any issues y ou might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public

We use information t o help impr ove the safety and r eliability  of our ser vices. This
includes detecting, pr eventing, and r esponding t o fraud, abuse, security risks, and
technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public .
We use diff erent technologies t o process y our information for these purposes. W e use
automated systems that analyz e your content t o provide y ou with things lik e cust omiz ed
sear ch results, personaliz ed ads, or other f eatur es tailor ed to how y ou use our ser vices.
And we analyz e your content t o help us detect abuse  such as spam, malwar e, and illegal
content. W e also use algorithms  to recogniz e patterns in data. F or example, Google
Translate helps people communicate acr oss languages b y detecting common language
patterns in phr ases y ou ask it t o translate.
We ma y use the information we collect  across our ser vices and acr oss y our de vices for
the purposes described abo ve. For example, depending on y our a vailable settings, if y ou
watch videos of guitar pla yers on Y ouTube, y ou might see an ad for guitar lessons on a
site that uses our ad pr oducts. Depending on y our account settings, your activity on other
sites and apps  may be associated with y our personal information in or der t o impr ove
Google ’s ser vices and the ads deliv ered b y Google.
If other users alr eady ha ve your email addr ess or other information that identifies y ou, we
may show them y our publicly visible Google Account information, such as y our name and
phot o. This helps people identify an email coming fr om y ou, for example.
We’ll ask for y our consent befor e using y our information for a purpose that isn ’t co vered
in this Priv acy P olicy .
YOUR PRIVACY CONTROLS
You have choices regarding the information we
collect and how it's used

This section describes k ey contr ols for managing y our priv acy acr oss our ser vices. Y ou
can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which pr ovides an oppor tunity t o review and adjust
impor tant priv acy settings. In addition t o these t ools, we also off er specific priv acy
settings in our pr oducts — y ou can learn mor e in our Product Priv acy Guide .
Go to Priv acy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your
information
When y ou’re signed in, y ou can alwa ys review and update information b y visiting the
services y ou use. F or example, Phot os and Driv e are both designed t o help y ou manage
specific types of content y ou’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for y ou to review and contr ol information sa ved in y our Google
Account. Y our Google Account  includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity y ou’d like saved in y our account. F or example,
if you ha ve YouTube Hist ory turned on, the videos y ou watch and the things
you sear ch for ar e saved in y our account so y ou can get better
recommendations and r emember wher e you left off. And if y ou ha ve Web &
App Activity turned on, y our sear ches and activity fr om other Google
services ar e saved in y our account so y ou can get mor e personaliz ed
experiences lik e faster sear ches and mor e helpful app and content
recommendations. W eb & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets y ou
contr ol whether information about y our activity on other sites, apps, and
devices that use Google ser vices , such as apps y ou install and use on
Andr oid, is sa ved in y our Google Account and used t o impr ove Google
services.
Go to Activity Contr ols

Ad settings
Manage y our pr eferences about the ads shown t o you on Google and on
sites and apps that partner with Google  to show ads. Y ou can modify y our
inter ests, choose whether y our personal information is used t o mak e ads
more relevant t o you, and turn on or off cer tain adv ertising ser vices.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in y our Google Account and contr ol who can see it
across Google ser vices.
Go to About Y ou
Shared endorsements
Choose whether y our name and phot o appear next t o your activity , like
reviews and r ecommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shar ed Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google ser vices, lik e
Google Analytics, ma y shar e with Google when y ou visit or inter act with their
services.
Go to How Google uses information fr om sites or apps that use our
services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows y ou to review and contr ol data that’ s saved to your
Google Account when y ou’re signed in and using Google ser vices, lik e
sear ches y ou’ve done or y our visits t o Google Pla y. You can br owse b y date
and b y topic, and delete par t or all of y our activity .
Go to My Activity

Google Dashboard
Google Dashboar d allows y ou to manage information associated with
specific pr oducts.
Go to Dashboar d
Your personal information
Manage y our contact information, such as y our name, email, and phone
number .
Go to Personal Info
When y ou’re signed out, y ou can manage information associated with y our br owser or
device, including:
Signed-out sear ch personalization: Choose  whether y our sear ch activity is used t o
offer you mor e relevant r esults and r ecommendations.
YouTube settings: P ause and delete y our YouTube Sear ch Hist ory and y our YouTube
Watch Hist ory.
Ad Settings: Manage  your pr eferences about the ads shown t o you on Google and
on sites and apps that par tner with Google t o show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can expor t a cop y of content in y our Google Account if y ou want t o back it up or use
it with a ser vice outside of Google.
Expor t your data
To delete y our information, y ou can:
Delete y our content fr om specific Google ser vices

Sear ch for and then delete specific items fr om y our account using My Activity
Delete specific Google pr oducts , including y our information associated with those
products
Delete y our entir e Google Account
Delete y our information
Inactiv e Account Manager  allows y ou to giv e someone else access t o par ts of y our
Google Account in case y ou’re unexpectedly unable t o use y our account.
And finally , you can also request t o remo ve content  from specific Google ser vices based
on applicable law and our policies.
Ther e are other wa ys to contr ol the information Google collects whether or not y ou’re
signed in t o a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: F or example, y ou can configur e your br owser t o indicate when
Google has set a cookie  in your br owser . You can also configur e your br owser t o
block all cookies fr om a specific domain or all domains. But r emember that our
services rely on cookies t o function pr operly , for things lik e remembering y our
language pr eferences.
Device-le vel settings: Y our de vice ma y have contr ols that determine what
information we collect. F or example, y ou can modify location settings  on y our
Andr oid de vice.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
When you share your information

Many of our ser vices let y ou shar e information with other people, and y ou ha ve contr ol
over how y ou shar e. For example, y ou can shar e videos on Y ouTube publicly or y ou can
decide t o keep y our videos priv ate. Remember , when y ou shar e information publicly , your
content ma y become accessible thr ough sear ch engines, including Google Sear ch.
When y ou’re signed in and inter act with some Google ser vices, lik e lea ving comments on
a YouTube video or r eviewing an app in Pla y, your name and phot o appear next t o your
activity . We ma y also displa y this information in ads depending on y our Shar ed
endorsements setting .
When Google shares your information
We do not shar e your personal information with companies, or ganizations, or individuals
outside of Google ex cept in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll shar e personal information outside of Google when we ha ve your consent. F or
example, if y ou use Google Home t o mak e a r eser vation  through a booking ser vice, we ’ll
get y our permission befor e sharing y our name or phone number with the r estaur ant. W e
also pr ovide y ou with contr ols t o review and manage thir d par ty apps and sites  you ha ve
given access t o data in y our Google Account. W e’ll ask for y our explicit consent t o shar e
any sensitiv e personal information .
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an or ganization that uses Google ser vices, y our domain
administr ator and r esellers who manage y our account will ha ve access t o your Google
Account. They ma y be able t o:
Access and r etain information st ored in y our account, lik e your email
View statistics r egar ding y our account, lik e how many apps y ou install
Change y our account passwor d
Suspend or terminate y our account access

Receiv e your account information in or der t o satisfy applicable law , regulation, legal
process, or enfor ceable go vernmental r equest
Restrict y our ability t o delete or edit y our information or y our priv acy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information t o our affiliates  and other trusted businesses or
persons t o process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our
Privacy P olicy and any other appr opriate confidentiality and security measur es. F or
example, we use ser vice pr oviders t o help oper ate our data centers, deliv er our pr oducts
and ser vices, impr ove our internal business pr ocesses, and off er additional suppor t to
cust omers and users. W e also use ser vice pr oviders t o help r eview Y ouTube video
content for public saf ety and analyz e and listen t o samples of sa ved user audio t o help
impr ove Google ’s audio r ecognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will shar e personal information outside of Google if we ha ve a good-faith belief that
disclosur e of the information is r easonably necessar y to:
Respond t o any applicable law , regulation, legal pr ocess, or enfor ceable
governmental r equest . We shar e information about the number and type of
requests we r eceiv e from go vernments in our Transpar ency Repor t.
Enfor ce applicable Terms of Ser vice, including inv estigation of potential violations.
Detect, pr event, or other wise addr ess fr aud, security , or technical issues.
Protect against harm t o the rights, pr oper ty or saf ety of Google, our users , or the
public.
We ma y shar e non-personally identifiable information  publicly and with our par tners —
like publishers, adv ertisers, de velopers, or rights holders. F or example, we shar e
information publicly t o show tr ends  about the gener al use of our ser vices. W e also allow
specific par tners  to collect information fr om y our br owser or de vice for adv ertising and
measur ement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is inv olved in a mer ger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we ’ll continue t o ensur e
the confidentiality of y our personal information and giv e aff ected users notice befor e

personal information is tr ansf erred or becomes subject t o a diff erent priv acy policy .
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE
We build security into our services to protect
your information
All Google pr oducts ar e built with str ong security f eatur es that continuously pr otect y our
information. The insights we gain fr om maintaining our ser vices help us detect and
automatically block security thr eats fr om e ver reaching y ou. And if we do detect
something risky that we think y ou should know about, we ’ll notify y ou and help guide y ou
through steps t o sta y better pr otected.
We work har d to protect y ou and Google fr om unauthoriz ed access, alter ation,
disclosur e, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encr yption t o keep y our data priv ate while in tr ansit
We off er a r ange of security f eatur es, lik e Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2
Step V erification  to help y ou pr otect y our account
We review our information collection, st orage, and pr ocessing pr actices, including
physical security measur es, to prevent unauthoriz ed access t o our systems
We restrict access t o personal information t o Google emplo yees, contr actors, and
agents who need that information in or der t o process it. Any one with this access is
subject t o strict contr actual confidentiality obligations and ma y be disciplined or
terminated if the y fail t o meet these obligations.
EXPORTING & DELETING YOUR INFORMATION

You can export a copy of your information or
delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can expor t a cop y of content in y our Google Account if y ou want t o back it up or use
it with a ser vice outside of Google.
Expor t your data
To delete y our information, y ou can:
Delete y our content fr om specific Google ser vices
Sear ch for and then delete specific items fr om y our account using My Activity
Delete specific Google pr oducts , including y our information associated with those
products
Delete y our entir e Google Account
Delete y our information
RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION
We retain the data we collect for diff erent periods of time depending on what it is, how
we use it, and how y ou configur e your settings:
Some data y ou can delete whene ver you lik e, such as y our personal info  or the
content y ou cr eate or upload, lik e phot os and documents . You can also delete
activity information  saved in y our account, or choose t o ha ve it deleted

automatically  after a set period of time. W e’ll keep this data in y our Google Account
until y ou remo ve it or choose t o ha ve it r emo ved.
Other data is deleted or anonymiz ed aut omatically after a set period of time, such
as advertising data  in ser ver logs.
We keep some data until y ou delete y our Google Account, such as information
about how often y ou use our ser vices.
And some data we r etain for longer periods of time when necessar y for legitimate
business or legal purposes, such as security , fraud and abuse pr evention, or
financial r ecor d-keeping.
When y ou delete data, we follow a deletion pr ocess t o mak e sur e that y our data is saf ely
and completely r emo ved fr om our ser vers or r etained only in anonymiz ed form. W e try to
ensur e that our ser vices pr otect information fr om accidental or malicious deletion.
Because of this, ther e ma y be dela ys between when y ou delete something and when
copies ar e deleted fr om our activ e and backup systems.
You can r ead mor e about Google ’s data r etention periods , including how long it tak es us
to delete y our information.
COMPLIANCE & COOPERATION WITH REGULATORS
We regularly r eview this Priv acy P olicy and mak e sur e that we pr ocess y our information
in wa ys that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain servers ar ound the world  and y our information ma y be pr ocessed on
servers located outside of the countr y wher e you liv e. Data pr otection laws v ary among
countries, with some pr oviding mor e protection than others. Regar dless of wher e your
information is pr ocessed, we apply the same pr otections described in this policy . We
also comply with cer tain legal fr ameworks  relating t o the tr ansf er of data.

When we r eceiv e formal written complaints, we r espond b y contacting the person who
made the complaint. W e work with the appr opriate r egulat ory authorities, including local
data pr otection authorities, t o resolv e any complaints r egar ding the tr ansf er of y our data
that we cannot r esolv e with y ou dir ectly .
ABOUT THIS POLICY
When this policy applies
This Priv acy P olicy applies t o all of the ser vices off ered b y Google LL C and its affiliates ,
including Y ouTube, Andr oid, and ser vices off ered on thir d-par ty sites, such as adv ertising
services. This Priv acy P olicy doesn ’t apply t o ser vices that ha ve separ ate priv acy policies
that do not incorpor ate this Priv acy P olicy .
This Priv acy P olicy doesn ’t apply t o:
The information pr actices of other companies and or ganizations that adv ertise our
services
Services off ered b y other companies or individuals, including pr oducts or sites the y
offer that ma y include Google ser vices t o which the policy applies, or pr oducts or
sites displa yed to you in sear ch results, or link ed fr om our ser vices
Changes to this policy
We change this Priv acy P olicy fr om time t o time. W e will not r educe y our rights under this
Privacy P olicy without y our explicit consent. W e alwa ys indicate the date the last
changes wer e published and we off er access t o archived versions  for y our r eview . If
changes ar e significant, we ’ll provide a mor e prominent notice (including, for cer tain
services, email notification of Priv acy P olicy changes).

RELATED PRIVACY PRACTICES
Specific Google services
The following priv acy notices pr ovide additional information about some Google
services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google W orkspace for E ducation
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with F amily Link, for Childr en under 13 (or applicable
age in y our countr y)
Family Link priv acy guide for childr en & teens
Voice and A udio Collection fr om Childr en’s Featur es on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an or ganization that uses Google W orkspace or Google Cloud
Platform, learn how these ser vices collect and use y our personal information in the
Google Cloud Priv acy Notice .
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful r esour ces for y ou to learn mor e about our pr actices
and priv acy settings.

Your Google Account  is home t o many of the settings y ou can use t o manage y our
account
Privacy Checkup  guides y ou thr ough k ey priv acy settings for y our Google Account
Google ’s saf ety center  helps y ou learn mor e about our built-in security , priv acy
contr ols, and t ools t o help set digital gr ound rules for y our family online
Google ’s Teen Priv acy Guide  provides answers t o some of the t op questions we get
asked about priv acy
Privacy & Terms  provides mor e context r egar ding this Priv acy P olicy and our Terms
of Ser vice
Technologies  includes mor e information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for Advertising
How Google uses information fr om sites or apps that use our ser vices
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs t o the Google gr oup of companies, including the
following companies that pr ovide consumer ser vices in the EU: Google Ir eland Limited,
Google Commer ce Ltd, Google P ayment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn mor e about
the companies pr oviding business ser vices in the EU .
Algorithm

A process or set of rules followed b y a computer in per forming pr oblem-solving
oper ations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data r eposit ory on a de vice. It can, for example, enable a
web application t o run without an internet connection and impr ove the per formance of
the application b y enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web st orage enables websites t o store data in a br owser on a de vice. When
used in "local st orage" mode, it enables data t o be st ored acr oss sessions. This mak es
data r etrie vable e ven after a br owser has been closed and r eopened. One technology that
facilitates web st orage is H TML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of char acters that is sent t o your computer
when y ou visit a website. When y ou visit the site again, the cookie allows that site t o
recogniz e your br owser . Cookies ma y store user pr eferences and other information. Y ou
can configur e your br owser t o refuse all cookies or t o indicate when a cookie is being
sent. Howe ver, some website f eatur es or ser vices ma y not function pr operly without
cookies. Learn mor e about how Google uses cookies  and how Google uses data,
including cookies, when y ou use our par tners' sites or apps .
Device
A de vice is a computer that can be used t o access Google ser vices. F or example,
deskt op computers, tablets, smar t speak ers, and smar tphones ar e all consider ed
devices.
Google Account

You ma y access some of our ser vices b y signing up for a Google Account  and pr oviding
us with some personal information (typically y our name, email addr ess, and a passwor d).
This account information is used t o authenticate y ou when y ou access Google ser vices
and pr otect y our account fr om unauthoriz ed access b y others. Y ou can edit or delete
your account at any time thr ough y our Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected t o the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet
protocol (IP) addr ess. These numbers ar e usually assigned in geogr aphic blocks. An IP
addr ess can often be used t o identify the location fr om which a de vice is connecting t o
the Internet. Learn mor e about how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is r ecor ded about users so that it no longer r eflects or r eferences
an individually-identifiable user .
Personal information
This is information that y ou pr ovide t o us which personally identifies y ou, such as y our
name, email addr ess, or billing information, or other data that can be r easonably link ed to
such information b y Google, such as information we associate with y our Google
Account.
Pixel tag
A pix el tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for
the purpose of tr acking cer tain activity , such as views of a website or when an email is
opened. Pix el tags ar e often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Ref errer URL (Uniform Resour ce Locat or) is information tr ansmitted t o a destination
webpage b y a web br owser , typically when y ou click a link t o that page. The Ref errer URL

contains the URL of the last webpage the br owser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a par ticular categor y of personal information r elating t o topics such as
confidential medical facts, r acial or ethnic origins, political or r eligious beliefs, or
sexuality .
Server logs
Like most websites, our ser vers aut omatically r ecor d the page r equests made when y ou
visit our sites. These “ server logs” typically include y our web r equest, Internet Pr otocol
addr ess, br owser type, br owser language, the date and time of y our r equest, and one or
more cookies that ma y uniquely identify y our br owser .
A typical log entr y for a sear ch for “ cars” looks lik e this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89  is the Internet Pr otocol addr ess assigned t o the user b y the user ’s
ISP. Depending on the user ’s ser vice, a diff erent addr ess ma y be assigned t o the
user b y their ser vice pr ovider each time the y connect t o the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32  is the date and time of the quer y.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars  is the r equested URL, including the
sear ch quer y.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7  is the br owser and oper ating system being used.
740674ce2123a969  is the unique cookie ID assigned t o this par ticular computer the
first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted b y users. If the user has deleted
the cookie fr om the computer since the last time the y’ve visited Google, then it will
be the unique cookie ID assigned t o their de vice the next time the y visit Google fr om
that par ticular de vice).
Unique identifiers

A unique identifier is a string of char acters that can be used t o uniquely identify a
browser , app, or de vice. Diff erent identifiers v ary in how permanent the y are, whether the y
can be r eset b y users, and how the y can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for v arious purposes, including security and fr aud
detection, syncing ser vices such as y our email inbo x, remembering y our pr eferences, and
providing personaliz ed adv ertising. F or example, unique identifiers st ored in cookies help
sites displa y content in y our br owser in y our pr eferred language. Y ou can configur e your
browser t o refuse all cookies or t o indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn mor e
about how Google uses cookies .
On other platforms besides br owsers, unique identifiers ar e used t o recogniz e a specific
device or app on that de vice. F or example, a unique identifier such as the Adv ertising ID
is used t o provide r elevant adv ertising on Andr oid de vices, and can be managed  in your
device’s settings. Unique identifiers ma y also be incorpor ated int o a de vice b y its
manufactur er (sometimes called a univ ersally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-
number of a mobile phone. F or example, a de vice’s unique identifier can be used t o
cust omiz e our ser vice t o your de vice or analyz e de vice issues r elated t o our ser vices.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in t o your Google Account and ha ve Web & App Activity turned on, y our
activity data on Google sites, apps, and ser vices ma y be sa ved in y our account’ s Web &
App Activity . Some activity ma y include information about the gener al ar ea you wer e in
when using the Google ser vice. When y ou sear ch for something using a gener al ar ea,
your sear ch will use an ar ea of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the ar ea represents the
locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps pr otect y our priv acy.
In some cases, ar eas that y ou ha ve sear ched fr om in the past ma y be used t o estimate a
relevant location for y our sear ch. F or example, if y ou sear ch for coff ee shops while in
Chelsea, Google might show r esults for Chelsea in futur e sear ches.
You can view and contr ol your W eb & App Activity at My Activity .
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services

Websites and apps that integr ate Google ser vices lik e ads and analytics shar e
information with us.
This information is collected r egar dless of which br owser or br owser mode y ou use. F or
example, although Incognit o mode in Chr ome can help k eep y our br owsing priv ate fr om
other people who use y our de vice, thir d par ty sites and apps that integr ate our ser vices
may still shar e information with Google when y ou visit them.
You can learn mor e about some of the wa ys you can contr ol the information that is
shar ed when y ou visit or inter act with sites and apps that use Google ser vices.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if y ou watch videos about baking on Y ouTube, y ou ma y see mor e ads that
relate t o baking as y ou br owse the web. W e also ma y use y our IP addr ess t o determine
your appr oximate location, so that we can ser ve you ads for a nearb y pizza deliv ery
service if y ou sear ch for “ pizza. ” Learn mor e about Google ads  and why y ou ma y see
particular ads .
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, mer chants ma y upload data fr om their lo yalty-car d programs so that the y
can include lo yalty information in sear ch or shopping r esults, or better understand the
performance of their ad campaigns. W e only pr ovide aggr egated r epor ts to adv ertisers
that don ’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Andr oid de vices with Google apps include de vices sold b y Google or one of our par tners
and include phones, camer as, v ehicles, wear ables, and tele visions. These de vices use
Google Pla y Ser vices and other pr e-installed apps that include ser vices lik e Gmail, Maps,
your phone ’s camer a and phone dialer , text-t o-speech conv ersion, k eyboar d input, and
security f eatur es. Learn mor e about Google Pla y Ser vices .
customized search results

For example, when y ou’re signed in t o your Google Account and ha ve the W eb & App
Activity contr ol enabled, y ou can get mor e relevant sear ch results that ar e based on y our
previous sear ches and activity fr om other Google ser vices. Y ou can learn mor e her e. You
may also get cust omiz ed sear ch results e ven when y ou’re signed out. If y ou don ’t want
this le vel of sear ch cust omization, y ou can sear ch and br owse priv ately  or turn off
signed-out sear ch personalization .
deliver our services
Examples of how we use y our information t o deliv er our ser vices include:
We use the IP addr ess assigned t o your de vice t o send y ou the data y ou requested,
such as loading a Y ouTube video
We use unique identifiers st ored in cookies on y our de vice t o help us authenticate
you as the person who should ha ve access t o your Google Account
Phot os and videos y ou upload t o Google Phot os ar e used t o help y ou cr eate
albums, collages, and other cr eations that y ou can shar e. Learn mor e
A flight confirmation email y ou receiv e ma y be used t o create a “ check-in ” butt on
that appears in y our Gmail
When y ou pur chase ser vices or physical goods fr om us, y ou ma y provide us
information lik e your shipping addr ess or deliv ery instructions. W e use this
information for things lik e processing, fulfilling, and deliv ering y our or der, and t o
provide suppor t in connection with the pr oduct or ser vice y ou pur chase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malwar e, illegal content (including child sexual abuse and
exploitation material ), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our
policies, we ma y disable y our account or tak e other appr opriate action. In cer tain
circumstances, we ma y also r epor t the violation t o appr opriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information fr om y our de vices t o help y ou decide which de vice
you’d like to use t o install an app or view a mo vie y ou buy fr om Google Pla y. We also use

this information t o help pr otect y our account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyz e how people inter act with adv ertising t o impr ove the
performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monit or our systems t o look for pr oblems. And if we find
something wr ong with a specific f eatur e, reviewing activity information collected befor e
the pr oblem star ted allows us t o fix things mor e quickly .
Information about things near your device
If you use Google ’s Location ser vices on Andr oid, we can impr ove the per formance of
apps that r ely on y our location, lik e Google Maps. If y ou use Google ’s Location ser vices,
your de vice sends information t o Google about its location, sensors (lik e acceler ometer),
and nearb y cell t owers and Wi-Fi access points (lik e MAC addr ess and signal str ength).
All these things help t o determine y our location. Y ou can use y our de vice settings t o
enable Google Location ser vices. Learn mor e
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google r egularly r eceiv es
requests fr om go vernments and cour ts ar ound the world t o disclose user data. Respect
for the priv acy and security of data y ou st ore with Google underpins our appr oach t o
complying with these legal r equests. Our legal team r eviews each and e very request,
regar dless of type, and we fr equently push back when a r equest appears t o be o verly
broad or doesn ’t follow the corr ect pr ocess. Learn mor e in our Transpar ency Repor t.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies t o analyz e how people inter act with our ser vices. And that
analysis can help us build better pr oducts. F or example, it ma y help us disco ver that it’ s

taking people t oo long t o complete a cer tain task or that the y have trouble finishing steps
at all. W e can then r edesign that f eatur e and impr ove the pr oduct for e veryone.
may link information
Google Analytics r elies on first-par ty cookies, which means the cookies ar e set b y the
Google Analytics cust omer . Using our systems, data gener ated thr ough Google Analytics
can be link ed b y the Google Analytics cust omer and b y Google t o thir d-par ty cookies that
are related t o visits t o other websites. F or example, an adv ertiser ma y want t o use its
Google Analytics data t o create mor e relevant ads, or t o fur ther analyz e its tr affic. Learn
more
our users
For example, t o prevent abuse and incr ease tr anspar ency and accountability o ver our
online content moder ation pr actices, Google shar es data about r equests for r emo val of
content fr om our ser vices with L umen, which collects and analyz es these r equests t o
facilitate r esear ch to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn mor e.
partner with Google
Ther e are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that par tner with Google t o show
ads. Learn mor e
payment information
For example, if y ou add a cr edit car d or other pa yment method t o your Google Account,
you can use it t o buy things acr oss our ser vices, lik e apps in the Pla y Store. W e ma y also
ask for other information, lik e a business tax ID , to help pr ocess y our pa yment. In some
cases, we ma y also need t o verify y our identity and ma y ask y ou for information t o do
this.
We ma y also use pa yment information t o verify that y ou meet age r equir ements, if, for
example, y ou enter an incorr ect bir thda y indicating y ou’re not old enough t o ha ve a
Google Account. Learn mor e

Performance of their ad campaigns.
Learn mor e about the technologies used for adv ertising.
personalized ads
You ma y also see personaliz ed ads based on information fr om the adv ertiser . If you
shopped on an adv ertiser 's website, for example, the y can use that visit information t o
show y ou ads. Learn mor e
phone number
If you add y our phone number t o your account, it can be used for diff erent purposes
across Google ser vices, depending on y our settings. F or example, y our phone number
can be used t o help y ou access y our account if y ou for get y our passwor d, help people
find and connect with y ou, and mak e the ads y ou see mor e relevant t o you. Learn mor e
Places you label like home and work
You might choose t o sa ve places t o your Google Account that ar e impor tant t o you, such
as your home or y our work. If y ou set y our home or work addr esses, the y can be used t o
help y ou do things mor e easily , such as getting dir ections or finding r esults closer t o your
home or work, and for ads.
You can edit or delete y our home or work addr esses anytime in y our Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security thr eats can help us notify y ou if we think y our
account has been compr omised (at which point we can help y ou tak e steps t o protect
your account).
publicly accessible sources

For example, we ma y collect information that’ s publicly a vailable online or fr om other
public sour ces t o help tr ain Google ’s AI models and build pr oducts and f eatur es lik e
Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or , if your business’ s
information appears on a website, we ma y index and displa y it on Google ser vices.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that mak es it possible for y ou to open many
Google Docs in one br owser . Blocking this cookie would pr event Google Docs fr om
working as expected. Learn mor e
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use y our information t o help k eep our ser vices saf e and
reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addr esses and cookie data t o protect against
automated abuse. This abuse tak es many forms, such as sending spam t o Gmail
users, stealing mone y from adv ertisers b y fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring
content b y launching a Distributed Denial of Ser vice (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity ” featur e in Gmail can help y ou find out if and when
someone accessed y our email without y our knowledge. This f eatur e shows y ou
information about r ecent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addr esses that accessed
your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn mor e
sensitive categories
When showing y ou personaliz ed ads, we use t opics that we think might be of inter est t o
you based on y our activity . For example, y ou ma y see ads for things lik e "Cooking and
Recipes" or " Air Travel.” We don ’t use t opics or show personaliz ed ads based on sensitiv e
categories lik e race, r eligion, sexual orientation, or health. And we requir e the same fr om
advertisers  that use our ser vices.
Sensor data from your device

Your de vice ma y have sensors that can be used t o better understand y our location and
movement. F or example, an acceler ometer can be used t o determine y our speed and a
gyroscope t o figur e out y our dir ection of tr avel. Learn mor e about how we use location
information.
servers around the world
For example, we oper ate data centers located around the world  to help k eep our pr oducts
continuously a vailable for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these ser vices include:
Google V oice, for making and r eceiving calls, sending text messages, and managing
voicemail
Google Meet, for making and r eceiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and r eceiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and r eceiving messages
Google Duo, for making and r eceiving video calls and sending and r eceiving
messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people star t sear ching for something, it can pr ovide useful information
about par ticular tr ends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web sear ches t o
estimate the popularity of sear ches o ver a cer tain period of time and shar es those
results publicly in aggr egated terms. Learn mor e
similar information related to your physical or mental health

If you use fitness pr oducts and apps we off er, such as Fitbit, Pix el W atch, Nest or Google
Fit, we collect data y ou pr ovide, lik e your height and weight. W e also collect information
from these apps and de vices, such as y our sleep patterns, hear t rate, skin temper ature,
calories burned, and steps tak en.
specific Google services
For example, y ou can delete your blog  from Blogger or a Google Site y ou own  from
Google Sites. Y ou can also delete reviews  you’ve left on apps, games, and other content
in the Pla y Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow Y ouTube cr eators and adv ertisers t o work with measur ement
companies t o learn about the audience of their Y ouTube videos or ads, using cookies or
similar technologies. Another example is mer chants on our shopping pages, who use
cookies t o understand how many diff erent people see their pr oduct listings. Learn mor e
about these par tners and how the y use y our information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chr ome br owsing hist ory is only sa ved to your account if y ou’ve enabled Chr ome
synchr onization with y our Google Account. Learn mor e
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when y ou type an addr ess in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email y ou're
composing, Gmail will suggest addr esses based on the people y ou contact most
frequently .
the public
For example, we pr ocess information about requests t o remo ve content  from our
services under Google 's content r emo val policies or applicable law t o assess the r equest,
and t o ensur e transpar ency , impr ove accountability and pr event abuse and fr aud in these
practices.

third parties
For example, we pr ocess y our information t o repor t use statistics t o rights holders about
how their content was used in our ser vices. W e ma y also pr ocess y our information if
people sear ch for y our name and we displa y sear ch results for sites containing publicly
available information about y ou.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on y our a vailable settings, some examples of how we use the information we
collect acr oss our ser vices include:
When y ou’re signed in t o your Google Account and sear ch on Google, y ou can see
sear ch results fr om the public web, along with r elevant information fr om the
content y ou ha ve in other Google pr oducts, lik e Gmail or Google Calendar . This can
include things lik e the status of y our upcoming flights, r estaur ant, and hotel
reser vations, or y our phot os. Learn mor e
If you ha ve communicated with someone via Gmail and want t o add them t o a
Google Doc or an e vent in Google Calendar , Google mak es it easy t o do so b y
autocompleting their email addr ess when y ou star t to type in their name. This
featur e mak es it easier t o shar e things with people y ou know . Learn mor e
The Google app can use data that y ou ha ve stored in other Google pr oducts t o
show y ou personaliz ed content, depending on y our settings. F or example, if y ou
have sear ches st ored in y our W eb & App Activity , the Google app can show y ou
news ar ticles and other information about y our inter ests, lik e spor ts scor es, based
on your activity .
If you connect y our Google Account t o your Google Home, y ou can manage y our
information and get things done thr ough the Google Assistant. F or example, y ou
can add e vents t o your Google Calendar or get y our schedule for the da y, ask for
status updates on y our upcoming flight, or send information lik e driving dir ections
to your phone. Learn mor e
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions y ou mak e on linking ser vices will aff ect how
certain Google ser vices can use the data acr oss our ser vices.
Views and interactions with content and ads

For example, we collect information about views and inter actions with ads so we can
provide aggr egated r epor ts to adv ertisers, lik e telling them whether we ser ved their ad on
a page and whether the ad was lik ely seen b y a viewer . We ma y also measur e other
inter actions, such as how y ou mo ve your mouse o ver an ad or if y ou inter act with the
page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, y ou can choose whether y ou want Google t o sa ve an audio r ecor ding t o
your Google Account when y ou inter act with Google Sear ch, Assistant, and Maps. When
your de vice detects an audio activ ation command, lik e “He y Google, ” Google r ecor ds your
voice and audio plus a f ew seconds befor e the activ ation. Learn mor e
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come fr om y our use of Google ser vices, lik e from syncing y our
account with Chr ome or y our visits t o sites and apps that par tner with Google. Many
websites and apps par tner with Google t o impr ove their content and ser vices. F or
example, a website might use our adv ertising ser vices (lik e AdSense) or analytics t ools
(like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos fr om Y ouTube).
These ser vices ma y shar e information about y our activity with Google and, depending on
your account settings  and the pr oducts in use (for instance, when a par tner uses Google
Analytics in conjunction with our adv ertising ser vices), this data ma y be associated with
your personal information.
Learn mor e about how Google uses data when y ou use our par tners' sites or apps.