Back
Customer Privacy Notice
Your privacy is and will always be enormously important to us. Our Privacy Notice is designed to provide
transparency into our data practices in a format that is easy to read and navigate. Please read the
sections below to understand how we collect, use, share, and safeguard your information in order to
offer you the most seamless vehicle and energy experience imaginable.
Privacy From Day One
Your Tesla generates vehicle, diagnostic, infotainment system, and AI data. To protect your privacy from
the moment you take delivery, Tesla does not associate the 
 generated by your driving with
your identity or account by default. As a result, no one but you would have knowledge of your activities,
 or a history of where you’ve been. Your in-vehicle experiences are also protected. From
features such as voice commands, to surfing the web on your touchscreen, your information is kept
private and secure, ensuring the 
 collected is not linked to your identity or account.
Tesla vehicles are equipped with a camera suite designed from the ground up to protect your privacy
while providing advanced features such as Traffic-Aware Cruise Control (TACC), Summon, and
Autopark. To recognize things like lane lines, street signs and traffic light positions, 
 from the
camera suite is processed directly without leaving your vehicle by default. In order for camera
recordings for fleet learning to be shared with Tesla, your consent for 
 is required and can
be controlled through the vehicle’s touchscreen at any time. Even if you choose to opt-in, unless we
receive the data as a result of a safety event (a vehicle collision or airbag deployment) — camera
recordings remain anonymous and are not linked to you or your vehicle.
Additionally, from Powerwall to Solar Roof, your Energy products are designed to protect your privacy.
Tesla aims to collect a minimum amount of personal data necessary for displaying your in-app energy
experience, providing services to you, and for improving your energy products. We are also committed
to only share your personal data when needed to operate or service your product, or we will ask for your
permission.
vehicle data
location
infotainment data
AI data
Data Sharing
Information We May Collect
How We May Use Your Information
Sharing Your Information
Choice and Transparency
Menu
6/23/26, 4:13 PM
Privacy Notice | Tesla
https://www.tesla.com/legal/privacy?utm_source=chatgpt.com
1/3


Information We May Collect
We may collect three main types of information related to you or your use of our products and services:
Depending on the Tesla products and services you request, own, or use, not all of these types of
information may be applicable to you.
 
How We May Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to:
This includes contacting you to advise you of important safety-related information, to notify first
responders in the event of an accident involving your vehicle, present products and offers tailored to
you, or to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests for product information, Tesla Updates, and
other events.
 
Sharing Your Information
We may share information with:
Privacy Questions
Information from or about you
Information from or about your Tesla vehicle
Information from or about your Tesla energy products
Show more
Communicate with you
Fulfill our products and services
Improve and enhance development of our products and services
Show more
Our service providers, business partners and affiliates
Third parties you authorize
Other third parties as required by law
6/23/26, 4:13 PM
Privacy Notice | Tesla
https://www.tesla.com/legal/privacy?utm_source=chatgpt.com
2/3


We limit how, and with who, we share your personal data. Examples of when we may share your
information include, payment processing, order fulfillment, product installation, customer service,
marketing, financing, service or repair, and other similar services.
 
Choice and Transparency
We enable you to obtain access and control the data that we collect, use, and share. Through device
permissions, in-app settings, communication preferences, your Tesla Account, and in-vehicle data
sharing controls — you are in the driver’s seat, even when it comes to your data.
 
Privacy Questions
For privacy questions or comments, to opt out from certain services, or to submit a data privacy
request, please
 
Updated February 2026
Show more
Show more
contact us.
Tesla © 2026
Privacy & Legal
Vehicle Recalls
Contact
News
Get Updates
Locations
Learn
6/23/26, 4:13 PM
Privacy Notice | Tesla
https://www.tesla.com/legal/privacy?utm_source=chatgpt.com
3/3